1) INTRODUCTION
  1.1) Purpose
    This document represent the Requirement Analysis and Specification Document
    (RASD). The main goal of this document is to completely describe the system
    in terms of functional and non-functional requirements, to show the constraints and the limit
    of the software and simulate the typical use cases that will occur after the
    development. This document is intended to all developer and programmer who
    have to implement the requirements, to system analyst who want to integrate
    other system with this one, and could be used as a contractual basis between
    the customer and the developer.

  1.2) Actual System
    We suppose that the taxi company has no previous software system.
    So the scope of the project is to create from scratch a new rides management system
    without modifying or substituting an older system.

  1.3) Scope of the project
    The aim of this project is to develop a new software-based taxies management service called myTaxiService.
    The software has to improve the older human-based system in which the management of passengers request is
    up to the taxi driver itself.
    In order to do this the software system has to guarantee a simplified access of passengers to the service;
    A passenger can request a taxi ride via a simple mobile application, or he/she can reserve a
    a ride by specifying the time and place of departure.
    The system also has the scope to guarantee a "fair" management of the request distribution among the available taxies.
    The driver of a taxi, who subscribes himself to the myTaxiService, is notified, via an appropriate mobile application,
    of the incoming request by the passengers.

  1.4) Main Actors
    In this section are defined all the actors that interact with the myTaxiService during its operation.
      - Visitor
          All visitor users can only see the login page and complete the registration(which is mandatory to use the service)
          to be able to access to all the functionality of the application.

      - Registered User
          This type of user, after a successful login, is granted to access all the functionality of the application:
          request/reserve a taxi ride, view the status of older reservations and cancel a already confirmed taxi reservation.

      - Taxi driver
          This type of user, after a successful login, is granted to: being notified by the system of an incoming request,
          notify the system about the conclusion of a taxi ride.

      - (The BackEnd System ???)
